hello everyone its Elena and today I'll
be sharing with you guys my Princeton
supplement Princeton supplement
consisted of a few short takes two
shorter questions and a long essay that
was basically as long as the person
essay in the common application now when
I wrote my application of oh let's serve
two short tags they're easy now they
were not easy because when you stop
answering these questions and they only
expect like one to free would once's
then you're like wait why aren't you
gonna think about me when i write that
like should i try to sound like small
and intellectual try just be honest but
i try to be funny
and you just don't know what is gonna
please the admissions officer so again i
just went up the truth because I
honestly couldn't figure out what would
impress the admissions committee at
Princeton so I'm just like well you know
I was gonna be real about Who I am and
you ever liked it or you don't
so I'm gonna stop the show tanks because
I also started with them when I wrote my
application and then we're gonna get to
the two shorter questions and then we're
gonna take a look at the long essay so
here are the short takes your favorite
book and it's offer the Perks of Being a
Wallflower by Stephen Chbosky your
favorite movie watchers up the sky find
a way guys if you have any like really
good book or movie recommendations
please send them to me for the context
section of my blog we're just link below
or just write a comment to this video I
would really love to have them because I
still have a few weeks of holidays left
and you know I have a lot of time to
like read good books and watch good
movies and I really want to use that
time for that so yeah I'd be really
grateful if you guys would share some of
these recommendations with me and now
let's get on with the short takes your
favorite website New York Times com two
adjectives your friends would use to
describe you honest and loyal your
favorite recording fight song by Rachel
Platten your favorite keepsake or
memento the black bracelet my mother
gave me before she went to a mental
hospital your favorite source of
inspiration my mother oh I don't think I
told my mom that I put her in there but
hi mom your favorite word for Claudia
okay so this is German and it basically
means the pleasure that you feel before
you actually do something because you're
so excited to do it and I don't think
there's a word in English for that so
that's why I just wrote down a German
word your favorite line from a movie or
book and its title history is the study
of choices not a immutable fate from the
worse for Asia in 1911
to 1949 by SCM pain okay so those are
all the short takes and now we're gonna
get to the two shorter questions the
press was about one extracurricular
activity or work experience that meant a
lot to me and I had to describe it and
you know tell them a little bit about
how I was involved in it since I moved
to Hong Kong in 2016 I volunteered at
the NGO crossroads for seven hours a
week Crossroads provides educational
programs for asylum seekers and material
resources for people who cannot meet
their needs as a volunteer coordinator I
organize which departments volunteers
are sent to and I'm in touch with
potential volunteers this gave me an
insight into the different areas that
crossroads is covering such as
delivering clothing toys and furniture
and different factors that have to be
considered when deciding where to send
which goods I also got in touch with
many asylum seekers and they educated me
about the difficulties they are facing
in Hong Kong my work showed me the
importance of carefully selecting how to
help in order to be helpful and that you
can have an impact on other people's
lives by giving a few hours of your time
and that's it already
now the second chore question was about
my last two summers and they just asked
me to describe what I did in those
summers so here we go in 2016 I
travelled within Europe with family
members and friends to spend time with
them before I would leave for Hong Kong
I also volunteered at a summer childcare
where it took care of a group of younger
children
the group included refugee children
which made it important to exclude any
activities that include fighting to
ensure that the children are not
reminded of any traumatic experiences I
also had to pay attention to the
language barrier that some of the
refugee children faced I responded to it
by including creative activities that
did not require much talking in 2017 I
attended Stanford University's high
school summer College where completed a
human rights intensive study certificate
to complete a certificate I attended two
courses my introductory course to
international relations widen my
understanding of global politics and
role of different actors and
international system my course on
genocide humanitarian intervention gave
me an insight into the strengths and
weaknesses of international human rights
law and how it is devolved to art
history so yeah those are all the
shorter questions and now we're gonna
get to long and so the lioness he was
basically as long as the personal essay
into common application and they gave
you a few prompts to choose from and I
don't remember what problems they gave
us because I my application I can only
see the one prompt that I actually chose
so I showed the Prime
tell us about a person who has
influenced you in a significant way and
yeah here we go my 5th grade mathematics
teacher was a man who did not give up
easily I met him on my first day of
middle school he was excited to meet his
new class and wanted all of us to feel
welcomed in a new school it took me
about 10 minutes to determine that I did
not like him his enthusiasm for numbers
and headache calls and calculations
disgusted me but his commitment to our
learning was even worse because I was
most definitely not interested in that
the only reason I went to middle school
was that I had to go my mother who was
ill at the time and still dealing with
the long fight about money that came as
the divorce of my parents was not paying
much attention to my dropping grades I
was not interested in any of my subjects
and preferred reading books under the
table over listening to my teachers my
math teacher became concerned that I
might not past a year he tried talking
to me but that was as effective as
talking to a wall so he tried talking to
my mother although she was more willing
to help him her own struggles kept her
from doing so so he decided to take
matters in his own hands he forced me to
join his maths club the first semester
at I spent in that Club I just stared at
him and tried to convey my hate for him
through the look they gave him but he
was unimpressed my dad and continued to
make me go to the weekly meetings after
having wasted my time by staring at him
for months I decided to make use of my
time and started to study during clubs
meetings the math club provided a space
where I could work on my mathematics
homework or study for coming tests and
ask my teacher for help if I needed when
I started using the time for my maths
work I quickly realized that I should
have paid some attention in my teachers
classes instead of simply watching my
hopeless efforts to catch up a whole
semester of maths classes my teacher sat
down with me during the clubs meetings
and went over to topics we had already
covered and in return I started to
listen to him in class I did not turn
into a top math student overnight but my
great stop making my teacher worry about
whether I would pass his class my
improvement in mathematics motivated me
to work harder in my other subjects as
well my maths teacher was the person
that motivated me to try when I received
an award for very good achievements in
seventh grade my 5th grade math teacher
was
person who anything's because about him
I probably would not have started trying
a little harder without him I would
probably not have received any of the
awards for very good achievements which
I received from 7th to 10th grade and I
would probably not have had two grades
to even think about applying to a
boarding school in Hong Kong his efforts
to make him try change the opportunities
I had in life and the amount of respect
I have for the education that is given
to me looking back I am grateful for
every math Club meeting that I got to
attend oh I wish I could like talk to my
fifth grade math teacher again and like
tell him how grateful I am and I think
the fact that you know he came to my
mind when they asked about a significant
person in my life really tells how much
of an impact his teacher had on me so
yeah I really glad that he was my math
teacher in fifth grade so when this
essay actually changed the wording of
the second paragraph and this a bit
because when I applied to Princeton I
did tell them exactly what the illness
of my mom was and you know how to
affected her but I think that is private
and that's why I just replaced that with
my mother who was ill at the time just
so you guys know um but yeah I think the
sentence still gives you the idea of
what I was trying to convey there just
so you guys know that you know Princeton
actually had a bit more of a detailed
picture of what was going on there but I
wouldn't know the essay is exactly as I
submitted it to Princeton if you guys
would like to have to a written version
off my supplement and please hit the
link below which leads you to the block
article that I wrote about my Princeton
supplement and there everything is in
the written form if you guys have any
questions for me please - for you - if
you guys have any questions please feel
free to comment them under this video or
write your message for the context
section of my blog which is linked in
the infobox below
thank you guys so much for watching bye